A very cold and windy morning today. I put on my fleece and my
slicker. On our walk to the bus stop, I wondered if I should have dug
out my gloves and fleece head band.

Before I could sort out my phone app for the bus, it arrived and the
driver just shrugged. Nina can find an open seat and has been taught
to slide herself under the seat. I am more comfortable with her
between my feet rather than next to me. It frees up a seat and I can
protect her a little from riders moving down the aisle. I can also
brace her on turns and quicker stops.

We toured the church thanks to my church friend who opened the
building for us. The pews are very narrow. I guess I've just gotten
used to pews with kneelers. Trying to get underneath,  Nina wrapped
herself around a pew leg.
Ihad to free her. In the narrow pew, I could get to the floor but
had difficulty backing out. The pew end jutted out too far and I had
to turn sideways.We found the pew behind the wheelchair cut out a
better solution.

My friend drove us to the co-op where we practiced walking through the
aisles. Afterwards, we had lunch in the cafe so Nina could get a
restaurant preview. She did very well though she thought we sat too
long. She had several stretches tomake her point.

Happily there was a nearby audible signal so finding the bus stop was
easier. I mastered the QR code for the reader. Our transfer came
quickly and we rode the bus all the way to the end of the line and
came back to our original bus stop. It adds about 20 minutes to the
trip, but saves crossing 6 lanes of traffic. Since I am an occasional
bus rider, this is acceptable.

When Nina got off the bus, she did not really know where she was and
seemed disoriented. We did a few "puppy pushups" which helped. Just
asking her to sit and lay down sorted her out.

We were excited to see Nina recognize the part of the route we had
worked previously. She moved right along. Before I could suggest it,
she was standing at the crosswalk by our driveway. Lickity split, she
was down the sidewalk, ready to cross the driveway toward our door.

Arriving home, she jumped about and ran circles through the foyer,
then the dining room, then the kitchen and back to the living
room. She was ready for dinner at the end of a very remarkable day.

And yes, our instructor carried the 5 pounds of organic pinto beans
all the way home without incident.
