Because yesterday had been so stressful and because I was still
hurting and because Nina and I are still not working well as a team,
we spent today working on the basics. Nina isn't walking at her best
pace. She is sauntering along.

The morning was disappointing. We walked our park loop.

Then our instructor took me out to lunch for my birthday which was
very generous and very nice.

I was quite tired but we walked around our neighborhood, showing Nina
a little walk we can do in the winter when the sidewalks along the
street are not well shoveled.

None of us are pleased with the state of affairs so our instructor and
Nina went out together without me to troubleshoot. I worried I had
fried Nina's well-ordered guiding.

The good news: Nina got back into shape. The bad news: we need to
focus on the basics.

Our training window is closing. Happily, I will not be forgotten. More
training will take place in and around other people's training. We're
solid through Monday and then we'll see.

I'm trying to stay positive. As we have talked and thought about what
is going on, it seems clear that my former training experiences solved
the pace and tension issues by giving me a a dog who moved fast and
pulled me along. Nina can't do that. It seems as if I have used brute
force to get me and my dog moving well together. Nina reminds me so
much of Elwood and the struggles I had with him. He was not a brute
force kind of guy, but Caitlin and Nick were tanks and we just
bulldozed our way forward

I was expecting that being trained in my own environment would be
easier and that I would just pick up the harness handle and go. It is
quite a blow that I find myself in this situation. There isn't a tank
in the wings to fall back on. I will finally have to learn how to make
this team work.

It's not all doom and gloom. Nina has come to me after her feet have
been inspected and her flea and tick preventive have been applied. She
still doesn't chew her bones when we are alone together.
