Today was a long day full of learning.
Our instructor told us to walk to the bus stop, get on the bus and
find a seat all on our own under his watchful eye. This is called a
solo.

Nina and I started out. At one point, I crossed a street with her and
we failed to communicate. Nina thought I wanted to go into the
court. I got turned around and it took a car coming down the street on
the wrong side of me to figure out what was wrong. We turned around
and got back on track.

I was quite self conscious standing at the bus stop knowing I was
being watched. I brought up my validation code for the scanner. When
the bus came, we got all six feet on the bus but I failed at the
scanner. The driver said it was finicky and I should just take a seat
which I did.

We traveled to the BRT which is the new bus line that moves fast. The
bus stop is a raised platform. You scan your code before boarding. I
got that right. Turns out, I was holding the phone too close to the
screen.

We explored the hospital complex, especially making note of how to get
to the Ear Nose and Throat clinic. I dropped off my hearing aids to be
cleaned. After that we dropped by a friend's unit to show Nina off.

We left the hospital complex with the desire to stop off for
lunch. Unfortunately, the bus to get us into town does not run
frequently so we decided to walk. I need practice with Nina. We were
going along pretty well when I tripped and face planted. Blood
everywhere That has never happened to me before and certainly not
while training. My shoe even came off. A nearby school recess person
asked if I was all right. I hit my face, hand and knee quite hard but
we continued. I worried that our instructor would be questioned why he
hit me in the mouth as I was holding a handkerchief to my lip and
nose. I've never had my nose bleed like that though I have broken it
on a school playground. What is it about me and playgrounds?

In time a bus came and we got on it. Unfortunately, it was going the
wrong way. Reaalizing this, I said we should get off. Luckily, by
crossing the street, we could catch a different bus going in the right
direction. It was an hour's ride and we were standing by the road,
trying to figure out how to get the rest of the way home (we didn't
want to get on another bus going the wrong way.) when a generous woman
came up and said she would drive. She was asking me, not knowing we
were all together. So I got in her front seat and our instructor and
Nina sat in the back on the floor. We were only a mile and a half from
home though it made such a difference to us.

It was tough getting something too eat as both hands were hurting and
my knee certainly was. I took care of Nina and took it easy..   
