With a meeting halfway with a volunteer, our instructor brought ,
Nina's new ergonomic harness handle. It's so much easier on my wrist
and a bit shorter than a standard harness. 
We set out to evaluate the busy street crossing where the bus will
stop on homeward journeys. We discovered the traffic light signal was
partially broken:
  * No walk sign.
  * No crossing countdown.
Our instructor managed our crossing. We had to wait on a small bit of
bumpy material midway with another button which was equally
broken. This flat-surfaced island is more accessible, I suppose, but
feels very vulnerable to me.

We opted to try the next nearest bus stop. The signal there was
totally broken. To get there we walked over a railroad bridge and
skirted a construction barrier which seemed just left behind or placed
randomly.
At the third intersection, we had better luck and were able to cross
all six lanes. Wrap music was blasting at the gas station and
market. A fire truck employed its sirens. Welcome to urban living,
Nina!
Then we had to walk all the way back. A long trip and it begs the
question whether this is practical in bad weather or on very hot or
cold days Our instructor will contact the city about the traffic light
issues.

In the afternoon we worked the audible signal at the end of my street
in the opposite direction. It is sometimes difficult for me to hear
and one of the curbs is very sweeping. Knowing where to cross, how to
turn my body is challenging.

The other outstanding item for us is getting the right pull on the
harness. Dogs and guide dog users communicate through the pull. If
it's too strong, the person gets dragged forward. If it is too weak,
the person and the dog have no real connectivity which is the point,
after all, in guide dog work. There is some play between the handle
and the harness. I am having trouble keeping the tension steady. Our
instructor bought some zip ties to keep the two together without too
much slippage. We're working on it so that Nina will keep up a steady
bouncy pace.

### Mother's Day

Tonight my family gathered for a simple Mother's Day celebration. Our
instructor did some show and tell with the harness and reminding my
granddaughter how to interact with Nina at this stage.

Nina was well-behaved. She thought she might camp out under the dining
room table. Not a bad decision, but I thought it might be best to have
her alongside me.

She is quite worn out from today's work. So am I. The last walk up the
hill on a fairly warm day almost did me in.

### Touch

A fun command I learned today is *touch*. It's like *come* but it
requires the dog to touch your hand. It's neat and I know where she is..
